Adding Document for Disabling Automatic Application Version Updates (#1261)
wandb/docs: content/guides/hosting/hosting-options/self-managed/disable-automatic-app-version-updates.md

---

> title: Disable Automatic Application Version Updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Disable automatic updates for W&B Server
```

Author: Change implemented.

> description: Disable W&B Automatice Application Version Updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to disable automatic updates for W&B Server.
```

Author: Change made.

menu:
  default:
    identifier: disable-automatic-app-version-updates
    parent: self-managed

> weight: 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
weight: 99
```
I think this should be last in the section of the TOC. We probably want most customers to leave automatic updates on. Having it first implies that you should probably turn them off.

Author: Change implemented.

---

> This page describes the proceess for how to disable the W&B server application version automatic updates and how to pin a specific version of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows how to disable automatic version upgrades for W&B Server and pin its version. These instructions work for deployments managed by the [W&B Kubernetes Operator]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/operator/" >}}) only.

{{% alert %}}
W&B supports a major W&B Server release for 6 months from its initial release date. Customers with **Self-managed** instances are responsible for upgrading in time to maintain support. Avoid staying on an unsupported version. W&B strongly recommends customers with **Self-managed** instances to update their deployments with the latest release at minimum once per quarter to maintain support and receive the latest features, performance improvements, and fixes.
{{% /alert %}}
```
Stealing language (from support) from WIP PR https://github.com/wandb/docs/pull/1048/files#diff-4477fa0537436dc329f61b8fa86ffd6fe83ae51e663d9d241de4dc4cfd52944f

Author: Change implemented.

## Requirements

> This feature requires the [kubernetes operator deployment model](https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/hosting/operator/) running at least `v1.13.0` of the operator and `v2.12.2` of the System Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- W&B Kubernetes Operator v1.13.0 or newer
- System Console v2.12.2 or newer

To verify that you meet these requirements, refer to the W&B Custom Resource or Helm chart for your instance. Check the `version` values for the `operator-wandb` and `system-console` components.
```

Author: Change implemented.

> ## Disabling Automatic Updates
> 
> Begin by navigating to the System Console by logging into the W&B application and clicking on the user Icon in the upper right screen then selecting `System Console`
> 
>     {{< img src="/images/hosting/access_system_console_via_main_app.png" alt="Accessing System Console Via Main Application" >}}
> 
> From the `System Console` navigate to `Settings`, `Advanced`, and then the `Other` tab. Scrolling down will reveal the section titled `Disable Auto Upgrades`. This will be in an untoggled state if the automatic application version upgrades are enabled and the version is not pinned.
> 
>     {{< img src="/images/hosting/disable_automatic_updates_untoggled.png" alt="Disable Automatic Updates Untoggled" >}}
> 
> To disable automatic application version updates, click the toggle and select the desired version to pin the application to.
> 
>     {{< img src="/images/hosting/disable_automatic_updates_enabling.png" alt="Disable Automatic Updates Enabling" >}}
> 
> Once the desired application version has been selected, click the `Save` button to complete the process.
> 
>     {{< img src="/images/hosting/disable_automatic_updates_unsaved.png" alt="Disable Automatic Updates Unsaved" >}}
> 
> With the desired application version pinned and the `Save` button clicked, automatic application version upgrades will successfully be disabled on the W&B server.
> 
>     {{< img src="/images/hosting/disable_automatic_updates_saved_and_enabled.png" alt="Disable Automatic Updates Saved" >}}
> 
> This can be verified by going to the `Operator` tab and reviewing the reconciliation logs from the kubernetes operator that manages the W&B server installation.
> 
>     {{< img src="/images/hosting/disable_automatic_updates_operator_logs.png" alt="Disable Automatic Updates Operator Logs" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disable automatic updates

1. Log in to the W&B App as a user with the `admin` role.
1. Click the user icon at the top, then click **System Console**.
1. Go to **Settings** > **Advanced**, then select the **Other** tab.
1. In the **Disable Auto Upgrades** section, turn on **Pin specific version**.
1. Click the **Select a version** drop-down, select a W&B Server version.
1. Click **Save**.

    {{< img src="/images/hosting/disable_automatic_updates_saved_and_enabled.png" alt="Disable Automatic Updates Saved" >}}

    Automatic upgrades are turned off and W&B Server is pinned at the version you selected.
1. Verify that automatic upgrades are turned off. Go to the **Operator** tab and search the reconciliation logs for the string `Version pinning is enabled`.
```
Numbered lists are easier to follow. Screenshots quickly fall out of date and become areas of technical debt. This suggested edit removes the need for most of these images and leaves the highest value one.

Nits: for page and section headings, we use sentence case, and we prefer the simple verb (Disable) over the gerund (Disabling). :)

Author: Change implemented.
